sergeant yes sir establish a recon post
downstairs Code Red repeat we are at
Code Red
recon plan charlie execute pictures
presents
star command come in do you read me the
story of two toys there seems to be no
sign of intelligent life anywhere oh
yeah headed for a showdown
my name is woody this is my spot I am
Buzz Lightyear I come in peace
you are a child's plaything you are a
sad strange little man and playing by
their own rules
draw me again don't confrontations
Vulcan alien birth you're mocking me
aren't you
Oh impressive wingspan very good can't
fly yes
I can't can't man the adventure takes
off when toys come to light go and
meditate and be a hunter story
[Music]